fix #6583, fix #14376, index+search now generated for all projects, many bug fixes with nim doc (#14324)
nim-lang/Nim: changelog.md

  (likewise with other hints and warnings), which is consistent with all other bool flags.
  (since 1.3.3).
- `nim doc -r main` and `nim rst2html -r main` now call openDefaultBrowser

> - `nim doc foo/main` now outputs to `foo/main.html`, consistently with other commands. Use
>   `--usenimcache` for example to output instead under $nimcache.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `nim doc foo/main` now outputs to `foo/main.html` by default, consistently with other commands. Use `--outdir:.` to restore old behavior.
```

Users don't really care about `--useNimcache` in a change log, they would care more about how to get the old semantics back.

Author: well `--useNimcache` is new (and is well suited for things like `nim doc` since it avoids clobbering sources with generated files / gitignore issues); in any case, I've now also added how to get back previous behavior.
